---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlabci_runner_config Data Source - terraform-provider-gitlabci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  This data source can be used to generate a valid TOML configuration for a
  gitlab-runner.  The blocks and attributes largely follow the configuration and
  naming of the configuration file, with the exception of the computed
  attributes (e.g. "output") and inputs for templating.
---

# gitlabci_runner_config (Data Source)

This data source can be used to generate a valid TOML configuration for a
gitlab-runner.  The blocks and attributes largely follow the configuration and
naming of the configuration file, with the exception of the computed
attributes (e.g. "output") and inputs for templating.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "gitlab_project" "this" {
  id = var.project_id
}

resource "gitlabci_runner_token" "this" {
  registration_token = data.gitlab_project.this.runners_token
  locked             = true
  tags               = ["jinx", "powder", "cupcake"]
}

data "gitlabci_runner_config" "this" {
  log_format = "json"
  runners {
    url   = "https://gitlab.com"
    token = gitlabci_runner_token.this.token
    # ...
  }
}

resource "local_file" "this" {
  filename = "${path.module}/config.toml"
  content  = data.gitlabci_runner_config.this.config
}

output "config" {
  description = "Our generated runner configuration"
  value       = data.gitlabci_runner_config.this.config
}

variable "project_id" {
  # note this could also legitimately be an int; see
  # https://registry.terraform.io/providers/gitlabhq/gitlab/latest/docs/data-sources/project#id
  type        = string
  description = "Project ID (path, e.g. rsrchboy/scratch)"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- **check_interval** (Number) Define active checking interval of jobs
- **concurrent** (Number)
- **listen_address** (String)
- **log_format** (String) Define log format (one of: runner, text, json)
- **log_level** (String) Define log level (one of: panic, fatal, error, warning, info, debug)
- **runners** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners))
- **sentry_dsn** (String)
- **session_server** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--session_server))
- **user** (String)

### Read-Only

- **config** (String, Sensitive) The computed runner configuration (TOML).  This attribute is marked sensitive as it may include authentication tokens, cache bucket keys, etc.
- **config_not_sensitive** (String) The computed runner configuration (TOML).  This attribute is NOT marked sensitive EVEN THOUGH it may include authentication tokens, cache bucket keys, etc.  If you're uncertain, you should probably just be using the `config` attribute.
- **id** (String) The computed configuration id

<a id="nestedblock--runners"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners`

Optional:

- **builds_dir** (String) Directory where builds are stored
- **cache** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--cache))
- **cache_dir** (String) Directory where build cache is stored
- **clone_url** (String) Overwrite the default URL used to clone or fetch the git ref
- **custom** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--custom))
- **custom_build_dir** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--custom_build_dir))
- **debug_trace_disabled** (Boolean) When set to true Runner will disable the possibility of using the CI_DEBUG_TRACE feature
- **docker** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--docker))
- **environment** (List of String) Custom environment variables injected to build environment
- **executor** (String) Select executor, eg. shell, docker, etc.
- **feature_flags** (Map of Boolean) Enable/Disable feature flags https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/configuration/feature-flags.html
- **kubernetes** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes))
- **limit** (Number) Maximum number of builds processed by this runner
- **machine** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--machine))
- **name** (String) Runner name
- **output_limit** (Number) Maximum build trace size in kilobytes
- **parallels** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--parallels))
- **post_build_script** (String) Runner-specific command script executed after code is pulled and just after build executes
- **pre_build_script** (String) Runner-specific command script executed after code is pulled, just before build executes
- **pre_clone_script** (String) Runner-specific command script executed before code is pulled
- **referees** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--referees))
- **request_concurrency** (Number) Maximum concurrency for job requests
- **shell** (String) Select bash, cmd, pwsh or powershell
- **ssh** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--ssh))
- **tls_ca_file** (String) File containing the certificates to verify the peer when using HTTPS
- **tls_cert_file** (String) File containing certificate for TLS client auth when using HTTPS
- **tls_key_file** (String) File containing private key for TLS client auth when using HTTPS
- **token** (String, Sensitive) Runner token
- **url** (String) Runner URL
- **virtualbox** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--virtualbox))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--cache"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.cache`

Optional:

- **azure** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--cache--azure))
- **gcs** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--cache--gcs))
- **path** (String) Name of the path to prepend to the cache URL
- **s3** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--cache--s3))
- **shared** (Boolean) Enable cache sharing between runners.
- **type** (String) Select caching method

<a id="nestedblock--runners--cache--azure"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.cache.azure`

Optional:

- **account_key** (String, Sensitive) Access key for Azure Blob Storage
- **account_name** (String) Account name for Azure Blob Storage
- **container_name** (String) Name of the Azure container where cache will be stored
- **storage_domain** (String) Domain name of the Azure storage (e.g. blob.core.windows.net)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--cache--gcs"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.cache.gcs`

Optional:

- **access_id** (String) ID of GCP Service Account used to access the storage
- **bucket_name** (String) Name of the bucket where cache will be stored
- **credentials_file** (String) File with GCP credentials, containing AccessID and PrivateKey
- **private_key** (String, Sensitive) Private key used to sign GCS requests


<a id="nestedblock--runners--cache--s3"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.cache.s3`

Optional:

- **access_key** (String) S3 Access Key
- **authentication_type** (String) IAM or credentials
- **bucket_location** (String) Name of S3 region
- **bucket_name** (String) Name of the bucket where cache will be stored
- **insecure** (Boolean) Use insecure mode (without https)
- **secret_key** (String, Sensitive) S3 Secret Key
- **server_address** (String) A host:port to the used S3-compatible server



<a id="nestedblock--runners--custom"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.custom`

Optional:

- **cleanup_args** (List of String) Arguments for the cleanup executable
- **cleanup_exec** (String) Executable that cleanups after executor run
- **cleanup_exec_timeout** (Number) Timeout for the cleanup executable (in seconds)
- **config_args** (List of String) Arguments for the config executable
- **config_exec** (String) Executable that allows to inject configuration values to the executor
- **config_exec_timeout** (Number) Timeout for the config executable (in seconds)
- **force_kill_timeout** (Number) Force timeout for scripts execution (in seconds). Counted from the force kill call; if process will be not terminated, Runner will abandon process termination and log an error
- **graceful_kill_timeout** (Number) Graceful timeout for scripts execution after SIGTERM is sent to the process (in seconds). This limits the time given for scripts to perform the cleanup before exiting
- **prepare_args** (List of String) Arguments for the prepare executable
- **prepare_exec** (String) Executable that prepares executor
- **prepare_exec_timeout** (Number) Timeout for the prepare executable (in seconds)
- **run_args** (List of String) Arguments for the run executable
- **run_exec** (String) Executable that runs the job script in executor


<a id="nestedblock--runners--custom_build_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.custom_build_dir`

Optional:

- **enabled** (Boolean) Enable job specific build directories


<a id="nestedblock--runners--docker"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.docker`

Optional:

- **allowed_images** (List of String) Image allowlist
- **allowed_services** (List of String) Service allowlist
- **cache_dir** (String) Directory where to store caches
- **cap_add** (List of String) Add Linux capabilities
- **cap_drop** (List of String) Drop Linux capabilities
- **cpu_shares** (Number) Number of CPU shares
- **cpus** (String) Number of CPUs
- **cpuset_cpus** (String) String value containing the cgroups CpusetCpus to use
- **devices** (List of String) Add a host device to the container
- **disable_cache** (Boolean) Disable all container caching
- **disable_entrypoint_overwrite** (Boolean) Disable the possibility for a container to overwrite the default image entrypoint
- **dns** (List of String) A list of DNS servers for the container to use
- **dns_search** (List of String) A list of DNS search domains
- **extra_hosts** (List of String) Add a custom host-to-IP mapping
- **gpus** (String) Request GPUs to be used by Docker
- **helper_image** (String) [ADVANCED] Override the default helper image used to clone repos and upload artifacts
- **helper_image_flavor** (String) Set helper image flavor (alpine, ubuntu), defaults to alpine
- **host** (String) Docker daemon address
- **hostname** (String) Custom container hostname
- **image** (String) Docker image to be used
- **links** (List of String) Add link to another container
- **memory** (String) Memory limit (format: <number>[<unit>]). Unit can be one of b, k, m, or g. Minimum is 4M.
- **memory_reservation** (String) Memory soft limit (format: <number>[<unit>]). Unit can be one of b, k, m, or g.
- **memory_swap** (String) Total memory limit (memory + swap, format: <number>[<unit>]). Unit can be one of b, k, m, or g.
- **network_mode** (String) Add container to a custom network
- **oom_kill_disable** (Boolean) Do not kill processes in a container if an out-of-memory (OOM) error occurs
- **oom_score_adjust** (Number) Adjust OOM score
- **privileged** (Boolean) Give extended privileges to container
- **pull_policy** (List of String) Image pull policy: never, if-not-present, always
- **runtime** (String) Docker runtime to be used
- **security_opt** (List of String) Security Options
- **services** (Block List) Add service that is started with container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--docker--services))
- **services_tmpfs** (Map of String) A toml table/json object with the format key=values. When set this will mount the specified path in the key as a tmpfs volume in all the service containers, using the options specified as key. For the supported options, see the documentation for the unix 'mount' command
- **shm_size** (Number) Shared memory size for docker images (in bytes)
- **sysctls** (Map of String) Sysctl options, a toml table/json object of key=value. Value is expected to be a string.
- **tls_cert_path** (String) Certificate path
- **tls_verify** (Boolean) Use TLS and verify the remote
- **tmpfs** (Map of String) A toml table/json object with the format key=values. When set this will mount the specified path in the key as a tmpfs volume in the main container, using the options specified as key. For the supported options, see the documentation for the unix 'mount' command
- **userns_mode** (String) User namespace to use
- **volume_driver** (String) Volume driver to be used
- **volumes** (List of String) Bind-mount a volume and create it if it doesn't exist prior to mounting. Can be specified multiple times once per mountpoint, e.g. --docker-volumes 'test0:/test0' --docker-volumes 'test1:/test1'
- **volumes_from** (List of String) A list of volumes to inherit from another container
- **wait_for_services_timeout** (Number) How long to wait for service startup

<a id="nestedblock--runners--docker--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.docker.services`

Optional:

- **alias** (String) The alias of the service
- **command** (List of String) Command or script that should be used as the container’s command. Syntax is similar to https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd
- **entrypoint** (List of String) Command or script that should be executed as the container’s entrypoint. syntax is similar to https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint
- **name** (String) The image path for the service



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes`

Optional:

- **affinity** (Block List, Max: 1) Kubernetes Affinity setting that is used to select the node that spawns a pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity))
- **allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) Run all containers with the security context allowPrivilegeEscalation flag enabled. When empty, it does not define the allowPrivilegeEscalation flag in the container SecurityContext and allows Kubernetes to use the default privilege escalation behavior.
- **allowed_images** (List of String) Image allowlist
- **allowed_services** (List of String) Service allowlist
- **bearer_token** (String, Sensitive) Optional Kubernetes service account token used to start build pods.
- **bearer_token_overwrite_allowed** (Boolean) Bool to authorize builds to specify their own bearer token for creation.
- **build_container_security_context** (Block List, Max: 1) A security context attached to the build container inside the build pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--build_container_security_context))
- **ca_file** (String) Optional Kubernetes master auth ca certificate
- **cap_add** (List of String) Add Linux capabilities
- **cap_drop** (List of String) Drop Linux capabilities
- **cert_file** (String) Optional Kubernetes master auth certificate
- **cleanup_grace_period_seconds** (Number) When cleaning up a pod on completion of a job, the duration in seconds which the pod has to terminate gracefully. After this, the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Ignored if KUBERNETES_TERMINATIONGRACEPERIODSECONDS is specified.
- **container_lifecycle** (Block List, Max: 1) Actions that the management system should take in response to container lifecycle events (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle))
- **cpu_limit** (String) The CPU allocation given to build containers
- **cpu_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the cpu limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_CPU_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **cpu_request** (String) The CPU allocation requested for build containers
- **cpu_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the cpu request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_CPU_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **dns_config** (Block List, Max: 1) Pod DNS config (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--dns_config))
- **dns_policy** (String) How Kubernetes should try to resolve DNS from the created pods. If unset, Kubernetes will use the default 'ClusterFirst'. Valid values are: none, default, cluster-first, cluster-first-with-host-net
- **ephemeral_storage_limit** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage allocated to build containers
- **ephemeral_storage_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the ephemeral limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **ephemeral_storage_request** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage requested from build containers
- **ephemeral_storage_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the ephemeral storage request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **helper_container_security_context** (Block List, Max: 1) A security context attached to the helper container inside the build pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--helper_container_security_context))
- **helper_cpu_limit** (String) The CPU allocation given to build helper containers
- **helper_cpu_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper cpu limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_CPU_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **helper_cpu_request** (String) The CPU allocation requested for build helper containers
- **helper_cpu_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper cpu request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_CPU_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **helper_ephemeral_storage_limit** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage allocated to build helper containers
- **helper_ephemeral_storage_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper ephemeral storage limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **helper_ephemeral_storage_request** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage requested for build helper containers
- **helper_ephemeral_storage_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper ephemeral storage request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **helper_image** (String) [ADVANCED] Override the default helper image used to clone repos and upload artifacts
- **helper_image_flavor** (String) Set helper image flavor (alpine, ubuntu), defaults to alpine
- **helper_memory_limit** (String) The amount of memory allocated to build helper containers
- **helper_memory_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper memory limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_MEMORY_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **helper_memory_request** (String) The amount of memory requested for build helper containers
- **helper_memory_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the helper memory request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_HELPER_MEMORY_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **host** (String) Optional Kubernetes master host URL (auto-discovery attempted if not specified)
- **host_aliases** (Block List) Add a custom host-to-IP mapping (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--host_aliases))
- **image** (String) Default docker image to use for builds when none is specified
- **image_pull_secrets** (List of String) A list of image pull secrets that are used for pulling docker image
- **key_file** (String) Optional Kubernetes master auth private key
- **memory_limit** (String) The amount of memory allocated to build containers
- **memory_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the memory limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_MEMORY_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **memory_request** (String) The amount of memory requested from build containers
- **memory_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the memory request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_MEMORY_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **namespace** (String) Namespace to run Kubernetes jobs in
- **namespace_overwrite_allowed** (String) Regex to validate 'KUBERNETES_NAMESPACE_OVERWRITE' value
- **node_selector** (Map of String) A toml table/json object of key:value. Value is expected to be a string. When set this will create pods on k8s nodes that match all the key:value pairs. Only one selector is supported through environment variable configuration.
- **node_tolerations** (Map of String) A toml table/json object of key=value:effect. Value and effect are expected to be strings. When set, pods will tolerate the given taints. Only one toleration is supported through environment variable configuration.
- **pod_annotations** (Map of String) A toml table/json object of key-value. Value is expected to be a string. When set, this will create pods with the given annotations. Can be overwritten in build with KUBERNETES_POD_ANNOTATION_* variables
- **pod_annotations_overwrite_allowed** (String) Regex to validate 'KUBERNETES_POD_ANNOTATIONS_*' values
- **pod_labels** (Map of String) A toml table/json object of key-value. Value is expected to be a string. When set, this will create pods with the given pod labels. Environment variables will be substituted for values here.
- **pod_security_context** (Block List, Max: 1) A security context attached to each build pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--pod_security_context))
- **pod_termination_grace_period_seconds** (Number) Pod-level setting which determines the duration in seconds which the pod has to terminate gracefully. After this, the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal. Ignored if KUBERNETES_TERMINATIONGRACEPERIODSECONDS is specified.
- **poll_interval** (Number) How frequently, in seconds, the runner will poll the Kubernetes pod it has just created to check its status
- **poll_timeout** (Number) The total amount of time, in seconds, that needs to pass before the runner will timeout attempting to connect to the pod it has just created (useful for queueing more builds that the cluster can handle at a time)
- **privileged** (Boolean) Run all containers with the privileged flag enabled
- **pull_policy** (List of String) Policy for if/when to pull a container image (never, if-not-present, always). The cluster default will be used if not set
- **service_account** (String) Executor pods will use this Service Account to talk to kubernetes API
- **service_account_overwrite_allowed** (String) Regex to validate 'KUBERNETES_SERVICE_ACCOUNT' value
- **service_container_security_context** (Block List, Max: 1) A security context attached to the service containers inside the build pod (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--service_container_security_context))
- **service_cpu_limit** (String) The CPU allocation given to build service containers
- **service_cpu_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service cpu limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_CPU_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **service_cpu_request** (String) The CPU allocation requested for build service containers
- **service_cpu_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service cpu request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_CPU_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **service_ephemeral_storage_limit** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage allocated to build service containers
- **service_ephemeral_storage_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service ephemeral storage limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **service_ephemeral_storage_request** (String) The amount of ephemeral storage requested for build service containers
- **service_ephemeral_storage_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service ephemeral storage request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_EPHEMERAL_STORAGE_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **service_memory_limit** (String) The amount of memory allocated to build service containers
- **service_memory_limit_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service memory limit can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_MEMORY_LIMIT variable in the build.
- **service_memory_request** (String) The amount of memory requested for build service containers
- **service_memory_request_overwrite_max_allowed** (String) If set, the max amount the service memory request can be set to. Used with the KUBERNETES_SERVICE_MEMORY_REQUEST variable in the build.
- **services** (Block List) Add service that is started with container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--services))
- **termination_grace_period_seconds** (Number) Duration after the processes running in the pod are sent a termination signal and the time when the processes are forcibly halted with a kill signal.DEPRECATED: use KUBERNETES_POD_TERMINATION_GRACE_PERIOD_SECONDS and KUBERNETES_CLEANUP_GRACE_PERIOD_SECONDS instead.
- **volumes** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity`

Optional:

- **node_affinity** (Block List, Max: 1) Node affinity is conceptually similar to nodeSelector -- it allows you to constrain which nodes your pod is eligible to be scheduled on, based on labels on the node. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--node_affinity))
- **pod_affinity** (Block List, Max: 1) Pod affinity allows to constrain which nodes your pod is eligible to be scheduled on based on the labels on other pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_affinity))
- **pod_anti_affinity** (Block List, Max: 1) Pod anti-affinity allows to constrain which nodes your pod is eligible to be scheduled on based on the labels on other pods. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--node_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- **preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- **required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **preference** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference))
- **weight** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--preference"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions))
- **match_fields** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.match_fields`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)




<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **node_selector_terms** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions))
- **match_fields** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--node_selector_terms--match_fields"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.node_selector_terms.match_fields`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)





<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- **preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- **required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **pod_affinity_term** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- **weight** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- **label_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- **namespace_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- **namespaces** (List of String)
- **topology_key** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)





<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **label_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- **namespace_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- **namespaces** (List of String)
- **topology_key** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)





<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity`

Optional:

- **preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))
- **required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **pod_affinity_term** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term))
- **weight** (Number)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--pod_affinity_term"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight`

Optional:

- **label_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector))
- **namespace_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector))
- **namespaces** (List of String)
- **topology_key** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--weight--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.preferred_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.weight.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)





<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution`

Optional:

- **label_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector))
- **namespace_selector** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector))
- **namespaces** (List of String)
- **topology_key** (String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--label_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--namespace_selector"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key`

Optional:

- **match_expressions** (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions))
- **match_labels** (Map of String)

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--affinity--pod_anti_affinity--required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution--topology_key--match_expressions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.affinity.pod_anti_affinity.required_during_scheduling_ignored_during_execution.topology_key.match_labels`

Optional:

- **key** (String)
- **operator** (String)
- **values** (List of String)






<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--build_container_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.build_container_security_context`

Optional:

- **allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process
- **capabilities** (Block List, Max: 1) The capabilities to add/drop when running the container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--build_container_security_context--capabilities))
- **privileged** (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode
- **read_only_root_filesystem** (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.
- **run_as_group** (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process
- **run_as_non_root** (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user
- **run_as_user** (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--build_container_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.build_container_security_context.run_as_user`

Optional:

- **add** (List of String) List of capabilities to add to the build container
- **drop** (List of String) List of capabilities to drop from the build container



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle`

Optional:

- **post_start** (Block List, Max: 1) PostStart is called immediately after a container is created. If the handler fails, the container is terminated and restarted according to its restart policy. Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--post_start))
- **pre_stop** (Block List, Max: 1) PreStop is called immediately before a container is terminated due to an API request or management event such as liveness/startup probe failure, preemption, resource contention, etc. The handler is not called if the container crashes or exits. The reason for termination is passed to the handler. The Pod's termination grace period countdown begins before the PreStop hooked is executed. Regardless of the outcome of the handler, the container will eventually terminate within the Pod's termination grace period. Other management of the container blocks until the hook completes or until the termination grace period is reached (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--post_start"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- **exec** (Block List, Max: 1) Exec specifies the action to take (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- **http_get** (Block List, Max: 1) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- **tcp_socket** (Block List, Max: 1) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.exec`

Optional:

- **command** (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get`

Optional:

- **host** (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead
- **http_headers** (Block List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers))
- **path** (String) Path to access on the HTTP server
- **port** (Number) Number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535
- **scheme** (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get.scheme`

Optional:

- **name** (String) The header field name
- **value** (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Optional:

- **host** (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead
- **port** (Number) Number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop`

Optional:

- **exec** (Block List, Max: 1) Exec specifies the action to take (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--exec))
- **http_get** (Block List, Max: 1) HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get))
- **tcp_socket** (Block List, Max: 1) TCPSocket specifies an action involving a TCP port (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--exec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.exec`

Optional:

- **command** (List of String) Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get`

Optional:

- **host** (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead
- **http_headers** (Block List) Custom headers to set in the request. HTTP allows repeated headers (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers))
- **path** (String) Path to access on the HTTP server
- **port** (Number) Number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535
- **scheme** (String) Scheme to use for connecting to the host. Defaults to HTTP

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--http_get--http_headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.http_get.scheme`

Optional:

- **name** (String) The header field name
- **value** (String) The header field value



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--container_lifecycle--pre_stop--tcp_socket"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.container_lifecycle.pre_stop.tcp_socket`

Optional:

- **host** (String) Host name to connect to, defaults to the pod IP. You probably want to set "Host" in httpHeaders instead
- **port** (Number) Number of the port to access on the container. Number must be in the range 1 to 65535




<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--dns_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.dns_config`

Optional:

- **nameservers** (List of String) A list of IP addresses that will be used as DNS servers for the Pod.
- **options** (Block List) An optional list of objects where each object may have a name property (required) and a value property (optional). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--dns_config--options))
- **searches** (List of String) A list of DNS search domains for hostname lookup in the Pod.

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--dns_config--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.dns_config.searches`

Optional:

- **name** (String)
- **value** (String)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--helper_container_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.helper_container_security_context`

Optional:

- **allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process
- **capabilities** (Block List, Max: 1) The capabilities to add/drop when running the container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--helper_container_security_context--capabilities))
- **privileged** (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode
- **read_only_root_filesystem** (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.
- **run_as_group** (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process
- **run_as_non_root** (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user
- **run_as_user** (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--helper_container_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.helper_container_security_context.run_as_user`

Optional:

- **add** (List of String) List of capabilities to add to the build container
- **drop** (List of String) List of capabilities to drop from the build container



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--host_aliases"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.host_aliases`

Optional:

- **hostnames** (List of String) A list of hostnames that will be attached to the IP
- **ip** (String) The IP address you want to attach hosts to


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--pod_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.pod_security_context`

Optional:

- **fs_group** (Number) A special supplemental group that applies to all containers in a pod
- **run_as_group** (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process
- **run_as_non_root** (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user
- **run_as_user** (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process
- **supplemental_groups** (List of Number) A list of groups applied to the first process run in each container, in addition to the container's primary GID


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--service_container_security_context"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.service_container_security_context`

Optional:

- **allow_privilege_escalation** (Boolean) AllowPrivilegeEscalation controls whether a process can gain more privileges than its parent process
- **capabilities** (Block List, Max: 1) The capabilities to add/drop when running the container (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--service_container_security_context--capabilities))
- **privileged** (Boolean) Run container in privileged mode
- **read_only_root_filesystem** (Boolean) Whether this container has a read-only root filesystem.
- **run_as_group** (Number) The GID to run the entrypoint of the container process
- **run_as_non_root** (Boolean) Indicates that the container must run as a non-root user
- **run_as_user** (Number) The UID to run the entrypoint of the container process

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--service_container_security_context--capabilities"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.service_container_security_context.run_as_user`

Optional:

- **add** (List of String) List of capabilities to add to the build container
- **drop** (List of String) List of capabilities to drop from the build container



<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--services"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.services`

Optional:

- **alias** (String) The alias of the service
- **command** (List of String) Command or script that should be used as the container’s command. Syntax is similar to https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#cmd
- **entrypoint** (List of String) Command or script that should be executed as the container’s entrypoint. syntax is similar to https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/builder/#entrypoint
- **name** (String) The image path for the service


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes`

Optional:

- **config_map** (Block List) The config maps which will be mounted as volumes (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--config_map))
- **csi** (Block List) The CSI volumes which will be mounted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--csi))
- **empty_dir** (Block List) The empty dirs which will be mounted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--empty_dir))
- **host_path** (Block List) The host paths which will be mounted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--host_path))
- **pvc** (Block List) The persistent volume claims that will be mounted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--pvc))
- **secret** (Block List) The secret maps which will be mounted (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--secret))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--config_map"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **items** (Map of String) Key-to-path mapping for keys from the config map that should be used.
- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the volume and ConfigMap to use
- **read_only** (Boolean) If this volume should be mounted read only
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--csi"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **driver** (String) A string value that specifies the name of the volume driver to use.
- **fs_type** (String) Filesystem type to mount. If not provided, the empty value is passed to the associated CSI driver which will determine the default filesystem to apply.
- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the CSI volume and volumeMount to use
- **read_only** (Boolean) If this volume should be mounted read only
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)
- **volume_attributes** (Map of String) Key-value pair mapping for attributes of the CSI volume.


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--empty_dir"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **medium** (String) Set to 'Memory' to have a tmpfs
- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the volume and EmptyDir to use
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--host_path"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **host_path** (String) Path from the host that should be mounted as a volume
- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the volume
- **read_only** (Boolean) If this volume should be mounted read only
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--pvc"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the volume and PVC to use
- **read_only** (Boolean) If this volume should be mounted read only
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)


<a id="nestedblock--runners--kubernetes--volumes--secret"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.kubernetes.volumes.secret`

Optional:

- **items** (Map of String) Key-to-path mapping for keys from the secret that should be used.
- **mount_path** (String) Path where volume should be mounted inside of container
- **name** (String) The name of the volume and Secret to use
- **read_only** (Boolean) If this volume should be mounted read only
- **sub_path** (String) The sub-path of the volume to mount (defaults to volume root)




<a id="nestedblock--runners--machine"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.machine`

Optional:

- **autoscaling** (Block List) Ordered list of configurations for autoscaling periods (last match wins) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--machine--autoscaling))
- **idle_count** (Number) Maximum idle machines
- **idle_count_min** (Number) Minimal number of idle machines when IdleScaleFactor is in use. Defaults to 1.
- **idle_scale_factor** (Number) (Experimental) Defines what factor of in-use machines should be used as current idle value, but never more then defined IdleCount. 0.0 means use IdleCount as a static number (defaults to 0.0). Must be defined as float number.
- **idle_time** (Number) Minimum time after node can be destroyed
- **machine_driver** (String) The driver to use when creating machine
- **machine_name** (String) The template for machine name (needs to include %s)
- **machine_options** (List of String) Additional machine creation options
- **max_builds** (Number) Maximum number of builds processed by machine
- **max_growth_rate** (Number) Maximum machines being provisioned concurrently, set to 0 for unlimited
- **off_peak_idle_count** (Number) Maximum idle machines when the scheduler is in the OffPeak mode. DEPRECATED
- **off_peak_idle_time** (Number) Minimum time after machine can be destroyed when the scheduler is in the OffPeak mode. DEPRECATED
- **off_peak_periods** (List of String) Time periods when the scheduler is in the OffPeak mode. DEPRECATED
- **off_peak_timezone** (String) Timezone for the OffPeak periods (defaults to Local). DEPRECATED

<a id="nestedblock--runners--machine--autoscaling"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.machine.autoscaling`

Optional:

- **idle_count** (Number) Maximum idle machines when this configuration is active
- **idle_count_min** (Number) Minimal number of idle machines when IdleScaleFactor is in use. Defaults to 1.
- **idle_scale_factor** (Number) (Experimental) Defines what factor of in-use machines should be used as current idle value, but never more then defined IdleCount. 0.0 means use IdleCount as a static number (defaults to 0.0). Must be defined as float number.
- **idle_time** (Number) Minimum time after which and idle machine can be destroyed when this configuration is active
- **periods** (List of String) List of crontab expressions for this autoscaling configuration
- **timezone** (String) Timezone for the periods (defaults to Local)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--parallels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.parallels`

Optional:

- **allowed_images** (List of String) Image (base_name) allowlist
- **base_name** (String) VM name to be used
- **disable_snapshots** (Boolean) Disable snapshoting to speedup VM creation
- **template_name** (String) VM template to be created
- **time_server** (String) Timeserver to sync the guests time from. Defaults to time.apple.com


<a id="nestedblock--runners--referees"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.referees`

Optional:

- **metrics** (Block List, Max: 1) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--runners--referees--metrics))

<a id="nestedblock--runners--referees--metrics"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.referees.metrics`

Optional:

- **prometheus_address** (String) A host:port to a prometheus metrics server
- **queries** (List of String) A list of metrics to query (in PromQL)
- **query_interval** (Number) Query interval (in seconds)



<a id="nestedblock--runners--ssh"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.ssh`

Optional:

- **disable_strict_host_key_checking** (Boolean) Disable SSH strict host key checking
- **host** (String) Remote host
- **identity_file** (String) Identity file to be used
- **known_hosts_file** (String) Location of known_hosts file. Defaults to ~/.ssh/known_hosts
- **password** (String, Sensitive) User password
- **port** (String) Remote host port
- **user** (String) User name


<a id="nestedblock--runners--virtualbox"></a>
### Nested Schema for `runners.virtualbox`

Optional:

- **allowed_images** (List of String) Image allowlist
- **base_folder** (String) Folder in which to save the new VM. If empty, uses VirtualBox default
- **base_name** (String) VM name to be used
- **base_snapshot** (String) Name or UUID of a specific VM snapshot to clone
- **disable_snapshots** (Boolean) Disable snapshoting to speedup VM creation



<a id="nestedblock--session_server"></a>
### Nested Schema for `session_server`

Optional:

- **advertise_address** (String) Address the runner will expose to the world to connect to the session server
- **listen_address** (String) Address that the runner will communicate directly with
- **session_timeout** (Number) How long a terminal session can be active after a build completes, in seconds


