---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "gitlabci_runner_token Resource - terraform-provider-gitlabci"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The gitlabci_runner resource allows the trivial creation of a runner token
  using a runner registration token, without requiring authentication to the
  GitLab instance itself.  It does this by using the runner registration
  token https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/register/ of the
  project/group/instance, rather than the authentication credentials of any
  specific user.
  Note that, once created, the registration is immutable: any changes will
  result in the resource being destroyed and recreated.
  See the Registering a runner https://registry.terraform.io/providers/rsrchboy/gitlabci/latest/docs/guides/registering-a-runner
  guide for more information.
---

# gitlabci_runner_token (Resource)

The `gitlabci_runner` resource allows the trivial creation of a runner token
using a runner registration token, without requiring authentication to the
GitLab instance itself.  It does this by using the [runner registration
token](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/register/) of the
project/group/instance, rather than the authentication credentials of any
specific user.

Note that, once created, the registration is immutable: any changes will
result in the resource being destroyed and recreated.

See the [Registering a runner](https://registry.terraform.io/providers/rsrchboy/gitlabci/latest/docs/guides/registering-a-runner)
guide for more information.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "gitlabci_runner_token" "this" {
  registration_token = var.registration_token
  locked             = true
  tags = [
    "jinx",
    "powder",
    "cupcake",
  ]
}

variable "registration_token" {
  type        = string
  description = "Runner registration token"
  sensitive   = true
}

output "token" {
  sensitive = true
  value     = gitlabci_runner_token.this.token
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `registration_token` (String, Sensitive) Runner registration token; see [Registering Runners](https://docs.gitlab.com/runner/register) for more information.

### Optional

- `access_level` (String) Run against all refs, or protected only. Legal values are 'not_protected' or 'ref_protected'. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `active` (Boolean) Create the runner active, or paused? *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `description` (String) Runner description; trivially visible from the UI. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `locked` (Boolean) Lock runner to project. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `maintenance_note` (String) Free-form maintenance notes for the runner (255 characters max). *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `maximum_timeout` (Number) Maximum timeout for jobs. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `name` (String) Runner 'name'.  Not highly visible in the UI; you probably want 'description'. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `run_untagged` (Boolean) Take and run untagged jobs? *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `tags` (Set of String) List of tags for the runner. *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*
- `triggers` (Map of String) A map of arbitrary strings that, when changed, will force the runner to be re-registered (and a new token issued). *Changing this attribute forces the recreation of the resource.*

### Read-Only

- `runner_id` (Number) ID of the registered runner.
- `token` (String, Sensitive) Generated runner token issued at runner registration.


